Feature: Register a user
	User should not be registered until a valid first name is entered in the first name text box
	User should not be registered until a valid last name is entered in the last name text box
	User should not be registered until a valid hobby is selected
	User should not be registered until a valid 10 digit phone number is entered in the phone number text box
	User should not be registered until a valid user name is entered
	User should not be registered until a valid email is entered in the email text box
	User should not be registered until a valid password is entered in the password box
	User should not be registered until a matching password is entered in the confirm password box
	Once all of the above are completed, the user can be registered with by pressing the submit button
	All other fields are optional and do not need to be filled to register a user
	
Scenario: Required field not filled
	Given the first name, last name, hobby box, phone number, user name, email, password, confirm passord boxes are required
		And they are not filled
	When I press the submit button
	Then I should be redirected to the page with appropriate warnings
	
Scenario: Required field not filled correctly
	Given the phone number and email boxes require specific formatting
		And they are required
	When I enter information in the wrong format
		And press the submit button
	Then I should be redirected to the page with warnings on formatting for the fields entered incorrectly

Scenario: Password mismatch
	Given the password and confirm password fields must be matching
	When they do not match
	Then the page will display a warning under the confirm password field
		But if I press submit anyway it will redirect to the register page with a warning
		
Scenario: Hobby box is not ticked
	Given one of the hobby boxes must be ticked
	When one is not ticked
		And the submit button is pressed
	Then the page will return to the register page with a warning that the field is required
	
What IDE would you use? Eclipse, as I am using a java-based approach, I will be using Eclipse
What language would you use? Java, my prefered language
What BDD compiler would you use? The default eclipse compiler
What unit testing framework would you use? Selenium
What automation framework would you use to connect with your web application? Selenium web engine
How would you automate continuous execution of this strategy? 
	By implementing a test that uses UUIDs to enter information for all information that does not need to be formatted. 
	For the fields that do, the email, phone number and password fields, make sure that the inputs are formatted correctly to ensure proper testing. Also, ensure that one of the three hobby buttons is selected through randomization.
	Once that is done, have the program run in a loop until a number of iterations pass or the browser is closed.
